these 40 days of Lent allure with thee
we fast and pray teach us to discipline
our wills and close by you to stay close
by you to stay that's what lent is all
about staying very close to Jesus I'm
standing here next to the crucifix and
the Chapel of the Nativity in our
headquarters in green bay at relevant
radio in to my left is our Lord Jesus
Christ in the tabernacle and right in
front of me is the altar it's a simple
Chapel when it's cros ii and friendly a
lot of people like to pray here with
mass here every day and sometimes even
twice a day and we broadcast the mass
later in the evening across our network
perhaps you listen to it before did you
know that we also have exposition of the
Most Blessed Sacrament every day here
this is our monstrance we have it from
nine to four p.m. now there's always
somebody here praying for you and for
your intentions and for the work we're
trying to do here out of love for
Christ's here at relevant radio and it's
the prayer for the Blessed Sacrament
keeps us on the air we also pray the
rosary every day people from the
community come in here at eleven o'clock
and we have the chaplet of divine mercy
every day at 3pm you hear that on the
radio as well then we finish the day
with benediction of the Most Blessed
Sacrament it's a great blessing for all
of us so this Chapel allows us to stay
very close to Jesus that's a great
comfort is it I find so well during this
holy season of Lent we want to help you
stay close to Jesus we want to help your
family stay close to Jesus so I want to
invite you to go to our website and
check out our forty links for 40 days
it's a resource that will help you stay
focused during Lent prayer fasting
almsgiving that's what the church
encourages us to do during let's so make
it a goal to go to confession this lens
and bring someone else with you bring a
friend
bring a neighbor bring a relative and be
daring invite someone and you may have
to pray and offer up sacrifices to that
move that soul closer to Christ I'll be
praying for you and may Our Lady of
Guadalupe patroness of relevant radio
watch over each one of you and through
these days of penitence add through your
passion time for ever more in life and
death Oh Lord with us by